宁波国际银行是一家注册在中国的法人外资银行，总行位于宁波，在上海和北京分别设有分行和代表处。BANK INTERNATIONAL NINGBO ( BIN )A PREMIER CHINA-INCORPORATED FOREIGN BANK自1993年成立以来，宁波国际银行已经为境内外客商提供了广泛的金融服务，并且经过十几年的稳健经营，已经非常了解中国的商业环境和熟知国外投资者在华的操作要求。作为一家外资银行，银行严格遵守中国银行监督管理委员会（银监会），国家外汇管理局（外汇局）、中国人民银行（央行）及其他监管部门的准则条例。在经营过程中，我行已经通过了由银监会、外汇局和央行等监管当局对内部控制，风险管理，资产管理和流动资金管理的各项检查和测试。银行健全的体制和规范的管理也被外界广泛认可。There are about 200 foreign banks and financial institutions presently operating in China. BIN is a premier China-incorporated foreign bank with presence in cities of Ningbo and Shanghai. With our first establishment in 1993, BIN has served a wide range of domestic and international clients. We have the edge over branches of foreign banks operating here because we are China -incorporated; we understand the Chinese business environment as well as the operating standards of foreign investors.BIN has proven track records in its financial performance. We have a diversified-mixed of quality assets which propelled our earnings to the top ten foreign banks. In 1998, BIN is ranked 8th in terms of profit amongst all foreign banks in China.As a foreign bank, we follow the regulations from the Regulators Such as, China Banking Regulatory Committee (CBRC), States Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) and the People's Bank of China (PBOC). BIN has passed the various audits and specific tests on internal control, risks management, assets management and liquidity management conducted by these regulatory authorities in the past six years. We are recognized to be fit and sound; to have met the stringent Regulators requirements and international banking standards.FlexibilityClients enjoy our flexibility in terms of the range of financial services and the ways that they are delivered. We believe in meeting all the expectations from our clients .In view of our unique size and structure, BIN has the capability to respond speedily to changes in the needs of our clients resulting in tailor-made financial packages for every new situation.Floating Interest RatesBIN would quote the best interest rates which are in line with the market and our own costs of fund. We are able to quote competitively as we have effective cost control programs. BIN would pass the ultimate reduced cost benefit to our clients.On-line BankingBoth of our banking centers in Ningbo and Shanghai are connected on-line. A client could perform banking operations like cash deposits, cash withdrawals, remittances, letter of credit applications / payment and credit functions at the two centers. Our computer link is constructed with a view to perform on-line banking for our clients nationwide in the future.Personalized ServicesThe unique structure enables BIN to provide personalized services to our clients. We do not merely sell our financial products and services; we share our experience and we make progress hand-in-hand with our clients towards growth and improvement in China. In terms of quality service, we are prepared to walk the extra miles.NetworkingBIN has developed a large correspondent banking network globally to enhance international trades. Presently we have correspondent banking relationship with 150 banks in 78 cities, 41 countries spread over the five continents.BIN, a premier China-incorporated foreign bank, is on target to position ourselves in an increasing competitive environment. The direction forward is to make the best out of long established tradition and supplement this by new and foreign ideas.