纽约联储银行是美国联邦储蓄系统（美联储）的一部分，其设立目的亦是为了维护经济、金融体系的安全、公正和活力。纽约联储银行是组成美联储的12家地区联储银行之一。这12家联储银行，再加上位于华盛顿特区的美联储管委会，就构成了美国联邦储蓄系统。美联储，一般简称为Fed，是美国国会于1913年设立的独立政府部门，其履行相当于美国央行的职能。其职能包括：规划和执行货币政策、监督和管理储蓄机构、控制货币波动、协助联邦政府融资项目以及作为美国政府的银行。另外，美联储还有诸如运行全国的支付系统、保护银行的客户应有的权益、促进社会建设和再投资等重要角色。纽约联储银行监管“联储二号区”，包括纽约州、新泽西州北部的12个郡、康涅狄格州的Fairfield郡、波多黎各以及美属维京群岛。纽约联储银行约有2700名员工。纽约联储银行除了其他11家联储银行都具有的职责外，还纽约联储银行的三个职能中，最重要的是执行货币政策；其它两个职能是监管和海外操作。The Federal Reserve Bank of New York works within the Federal Reserve System and with other public and private sector institutions to foster the safety, soundness and vitality of our economic and financial systems.The Federal Reserve Bank of New York is one of 12 regional Reserve Banks which, together with the Board of Governors in Washington, D.C., make up the Federal Reserve System. The Fed, as the system is commonly called, is an independent governmental entity created by Congress in 1913 to serve as the central bank of the United States. It is responsible for formulating and executing monetary policy, supervising and regulating depository institutions, providing an elastic currency, assisting the federal government's financing operations, and serving as the banker for the U.S. government. In addition, the Federal Reserve System has important roles in operating the nation's payments systems, protecting consumers' rights in their dealings with banks and promoting community development and reinvestment. The New York Fed oversees the Second Federal Reserve District, which includes New York state, the 12 northern counties of New Jersey, Fairfield County in Connecticut, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Though it serves a geographically small area compared with those of other Federal Reserve Banks, the New York Fed is the largest Reserve Bank in terms of assets and volume of activity. The New York Fed employs about 2,700 officers and staff at the head office and the regional office in East Rutherford, New Jersey. In addition to responsibilities the New York Fed shares in common with the other Reserve Banks, the New York Fed has several unique responsibilities, including conducting open market operations, intervening in foreign exchange markets, and storing monetary gold for foreign central banks, governments and international agencies. Foremost among its functions is the implementation of monetary policy, one of the three missions of the New York Fed. The other two are supervision and regulation, and international operations.